
	Trust tokens
	
	Nodes cannot be funded, tokens cannot be traded? 
		Stable price? 
		If a token represents trust in this economy, can trust be paid for? 
			If it can't be paid for then what is the incentive of gaining more trust in this system? 
				Making sure you can login and access sensitive areas of other dapps with ease properly in the blockchain world 
				There is inherent value in being easily recognized and simultaneously have your private stuff anonymous. 


	A crypto incentive scheme to bet on the validity of each other's identity


	Your rating of validity is in large part created by whether or not other nodes think you are a good bet. 

	Lost Account
		If account get stolen, notify friends to bet against your previous identity, slowly eliminating it from the market? 
	Trustworthy nodes	
	Large well known companies will likely receive a large majority of the shares since, most people can verify their information easily, allowing easy payments.

	Nodes that receive a majority of nodes betting against them, have a slow combustion that will eventually eliminate the node from the network.

	relationship-oriented approach combined with strong passwords is the strongest approach to verification

	Beginners
		Should get verified by a large node (company) as quickly as possible 
		Verify with twitter, facebook, social network of any sort 

	Data vs Identity 
		Node represents your identity, and your data can be disputed by another entity 
		Data disputes ddo not necesarily mean the identities are incorrect as a person could use his real identity but take the email of another person

	DDOS / Game Theory Risks
		User creating many nodes that reinforce eachother's identity
			Could they build a large node? 
				This would be damaging as they could over-rule smaller nodes
		Mitigation
			There will also naturally be a large reward for busting fraud trust rings like this. 
				Vote against their data markets with majority and receive payout until nodes are bankrupt and disappear

			

	Trust vs Verification 
		Trust: Does that data actually belong to that identity? 
			Trust is an accumulation of all the money that goes into each individual identity blob. ie. email, pgp-keys, facebook, driverslicence etc.. 
				Amount of money invested positively towards your data market, indicates level of trust 
				Amount of money invested negatively towards your data market (don't agree it's yours), indicates level of distrust 
				These two create the amount which each node will receive during "mining"
					Received amount will be paid to market majority
			Should there be a market for each piece of data?
				ie. Email dispute could be solved by  "dispute resolution markets", where a node could email the address in question and ask for a secret answer through the platform. 
					This requires some form of messaging
					Funding the dispute markets 
						Initiator pays escrow to start the market
							If market is lost, the escrow money goes to the "victim" of the dispute 
								Does this incentivize snatching other peoples data? 
									Every piece of data needs to have a secure way of verifying in a decentralized way (or consulting large nodes)
							Initiator can fund the market bonus, and if they are successful they get this money returned to them, otherwise money goes to person originally holding piece of data

					Can we automate obvious disputes? 
			Lost data 
				If data is succesfully disputed, how does this effect the trust of the node? 


		Verification: Is this the true identity of this person
			This is private information. A company like Civic can handle this until zero knowledge proofs are ready
			Really until zero knowledge proofs you can't really verify high level 
